Previously on "Rescue Me"...
You're going to eat your way right out
that door, Lou. Probably feet first.
I just pray it happens before another
one of us ends up in a chair.
Hey!
That is your lieutenant
you are speaking to.
- I earned my rank.
- You gotta keep earning it.
I'm finished with my treatment.
They do some scans
to find out if you're, you know,
free and clear.
And I'm waiting for the results.
If they are not good, I have to start chemo
all over again, which would suck.
I want you to be the
godfather to my new kid.
- I don't know what to say.
- Just say you'll go on a diet.
If you won't do it for
yourself, do it for me.
Can I have one last cupcake?
I thought it would go great with this
double-tiered veil and these heels.
Would you maybe want to help us
plan the rest of the wedding?
- Uh, yeah.
- Really?!
I'd be honored.
Why don't you go
talk to her, dude?
- Hi.
How you doing?
Can I help you with something?
It's the new piece they're doing on Jimmy.
Relax. It's OK. This is a good thing.
Get out!
Whoa! Whoa! Hey!
Hey, asshole!
I'm the asshole?
We should shoot this.
They're doing like a 9/11 10th
anniversary special thing. Ok.
Oh really?
What's their angle, huh, Franco?
It is a hero piece.
Just stick to the story.
Jimmy was a hero. Jimmy. Jimmy--
I got it.
So, you and Jimmy Keefe-- What
would have been a happy ending?
There are no happy endings.
Each one of these men gave their
lives in the line of duty that day.
A day often referred
to as the single biggest
enemy attack ever on American soil.
But that's not how firefighter
Tommy Gavin sees it.
You know, almost 3,000 people
died that day, including 343 of our guys.
But it's also the
greatest rescue in the history
the New York City Fire Department.
Who knows how many lives we saved that day?
15,000? 20--25,000? I mean, that morning
when it was happening,
the first news reports we saying that
15,000 people working in there.
So, I think, nobody
talks about that.
Jimmy Keefe... according to all the
available evidence
not only ran into the first tower to help,
but he escaped that building
and ran into the second tower from
which he never returned.
That's right.
And, you know, that's why he's a
hero and that's why all those guys.
They'll always be heroes to me. I mean,
biggest heroes in the history of this city.
I mean, I'll always have
that--
knowing that his last act on this earth was
involved with
helping other people
in a war really--in a war zone--
on the front line.
There's another victim of 9/11
whose name is not on this wall...
Well, so far so good.
Yeah. Looks like she may
keep her word after all.
...People who walk amongst us
and some who may never walk again.
Young Damien Keefe followed his
father into the F.D.N.Y.
coached by and ultimately assigned
to the same firehouse
as his godfather and uncle Tommy Gavin.
Do you blame yourself for
what happened to him?
Yes, I do.
Do you blame yourself for what happened
to his father, your cousin, Jimmy?
No, I don't.
What would you change about that day?
If we could go back in time, what would be
a happy ending to that story?
Well, we don't really spend a lot
of time
thinking about it in those terms.
It was what it was.
So, you know. Look, everybody dies.
Some people die quick and easy,
some people die long and hard.
Those guys died quick and hard,
which is not a great way to go. So...
If you could change
what happened after that,
after those
buildings came roaring down,
after America and the world finally
came to see firefighters--
and New York City fire
fighters in particular--
as heroic, shining figures who leap to help
complete strangers in a time of need?
What are you asking me? What?
What?
Sorry.
You agreed to--
I know. I know. I agreed
to talk about my cousin.
I'm just asking you how you
feel about the attention--
I know. I know. We appreciate the attention.
But, you know, we don't--
We just want to do our job.
That's what we did that day.
You know what I mean?
We don't need no spotlight.
We just--we're not heroes.
We're just doing our job just like we were
the day before 9/11.
You know what I mean.
You know, the day before 9/11
we got paid...
And here we go.
...And we get the same now.
So, whatever.
You know, what I mean?
You seem upset about that.
I'm not upset about it.
You just asked me a question.
I'm just answering the question. You know
what I mean?
Just back off a little bit. That's all.
We do what we do.
If there's a disaster, we respond.
Let me ask you this. There's been
a lot of controversy since 9/11
involving the F.D.N.Y.--
- alcohol and drug abuse.
- Uh-huh.
Allegations of racism in the
department's hiring practices,
allegations of sexism.
That the department is nothing
but a big boys club run amuck.
OK. You know what?
As far as the racism thing goes, I really...
That's not what I agreed
to talk about here.
But you know, as long as you bring it up--
this is not--that's no racism here.
I--you know, we got
a black guy on our crew.
You got a Puerto Rican guy in our crew.
Nobody gives a [bleep] about--
you know, as long as they can do
the job--
you think Jimmy Keefe and those guys
pulled up the morning of 9/11
and ran into the lobby and said,
"Which floors are the white people on?" No!
We don't know, but if you check,
I'm sure you can find out.
Out of the 3,000 that died,
how many were black?
They didn't give a
who was black or not.
They just went in and
did the [bleep] job.
Let's stay on target here.
I am just trying to explain to you.
You know-- you gotta black president now.
Everybody did a big happy dance
when he got elected.
I'm just going to tell you the truth. If
Barack Obama wanted to become a firefighter
he's gotta take
the same [bleep] test
that I took, that all these guys took. OK?
Nobody gives a [bleep] what color they are
as long as they're made out of steel!
That's the truth. And I'll tell you something
else, I'm sick and tired of hearing
people talk
about us like we're glorified garbage men.
But you know what?
Next time your house catches on
fire or somebody in your family
gets hurt or whatever, you know what?
Instead of calling us,
call the the [bleep] garbage truck.
I'm done! [Bleep] you!
you! [Bleep] you!
So, it seems the pain of 9/11
still runs deep.
Perhaps it's men like firefighter Thomas
Gavin who need more than ever
the psychological help many men
in the department refuse seek.
Reporting from ground
zero, I'm Pam Kepler.
Jesus Christ, Lou, I thought
you said you had a friend down
at the TV station who was going to put
all that bad shit Tommy said to bed?
Yeah. I talked to her and she
said she would do what she could.
She would--that was her doing
what she could do?!
Well, whoopedy do! Great job, Lou!
And it doesn't even matter if it's
true, Tommy. It's bullshit! OK.
Just when the spotlight gets
taken off this house!
You know that spotlight that always seems
to be pointed in our general direction
for all the wrong reasons.
Usually because of your stupid ass antics!
Here we go again!
Great job, man!
All right, just calm down!
No! No! No! You calm down, chief!
You're the one who pulled the news chick aside
after Tommy went nuts.
Said you were going to charm here into
not including that part of the interview.
I'm gonna turn on my Guinea charm.
I mean,
where the hell do you keep this
Guinea charm you keep talking about?
- Up you're Guinea ass?
- Hey! Hey!
Aah!
Hey! Hey!
Goddamnit!
Shut your goddamn mouth!
Hey!
Who's phone is that? Jesus Christ.
Answer it.
Hey.
Yeah. We just saw it. I gotta run.
I can't talk right now.
What the hell's going on?
The phone's ringing off the hook out front.
Headquarters wants
to talk to you, chief.
I will be right there.
Your bullshit stops now. Here and now.
You talk about the shit you see.
There's a lot of shit
you don't see, you don't know,
and you don't do. You talk the talk
and you don't walk the walk.
And it ends now!
You understand me, pretty boy?
Chief, phone.
Shut your mouth!
You understand me?!
Yes, sir.
Walk it off.
Jesus Christ.
Thanks a shitload, Tommy G.
Yeah, I did it. I did it.
You just got me in a fist fight
with a commanding officer.
Appreciate that, brother.
- All my fault.
- Yeah. It is all your fault.
You know, I'll tell you what guys.
You think that's the last
we're going to see of that news
footage, you got something else coming.
That's going to be on
every major news network.
It's going to be on the Internet.
All over the goddamn planet in minutes.
Probably already is.
So, what's the countdown, huh Tommy?
Huh?
How long before the rest of the world
descends on this house
like a pack of flies and starts digging
for more shit?!
What are you worried
about, Franco?
What kind of shit am I worried about?
You know what?
That's a good goddamn question, Tom.
Where should we start? Huh?
Maybe the banging your dead
hero cousin's wife shit?
That's always a good jumping off point.
The drug shit? The booze shit?
Go ahead. Go on national TV,
shit all over us! All over all of us!
Yeah, just like you
shit on the 343.
What?!
Is that what you're worried about?
That they're going to find out
about you're little conspiracy--
Oh, Jesus Christ!
No, no, no. Let me guess.
I think I got it. You're worried
that they're going to find out
that you tried to bang my wife.
Hey! Come on guys! Come on!
Get off me, man!
Break it up!
Get off me!
I'm good! I'm good!
You know what, asshole?
I am done!
Tommy!
Done! You guys want to hitch your careers
and your reputations to Tommy's rebel
asshole parade, by all means, be my guest.
I got bigger things in mind.
And I'll tell you what, Lou, if I had a white
or a blue shirt on with stripes on my arm,
I bet you I could do a better job of keeping
something like this under the carpet.
Keeping some loose canon prick in line.
Yeah, right.
Why don't you get that, Tom?
I got a funny feeling
it's probably for you.
♪ On another day, c'mon, c'mon, with
these ropes I tied, can we do no wrong?
Now we grieve, 'cause now is gone,
things were good when we were young,
with my teeth locked down, I can
see the blood, of a thousand men
who have come and gone, now we grieve,
'cause now is gone, things were good
when we were young,
is it safe to say?
C'mon, c'mon, was
it right to leave?
C'mon, c'mon, will I ever learn?
C'mon, c'mon, c'mon,
c'mon, c'mon, c'mon ♪
Sync & corrected by honeybunny
www.addic7ed.com
Hey, what you doing?
I'm reading a couple of cookbooks.
Figure in case you and I both get fired
because of this latest incident,
I can get work as a sous-chef.
And by sous I mean I'm willing
to fry scallops or work in a casino.
- You see, the Sioux Indians were
famous for scalping-- - I get it.
Not that funny.
They can't all be winners.
Hey.
What a thick bitch!
So, you guys saw it?
Yeah. Did you see how
much make up she had on?
Right?
I really want to kick
her in the goddamn box.
Listen, I'm sorry.
No. Don't say sorry.
Listen, I was the one that
wanted everyone to remember Jimmy.
And well, guess what?
- They're all going to remember him now.
- I know.
Hey. Did the kids see it?
Yeah. You were great, dad.
It was so exciting.
Geez. How many phones you
guys got in that place?
3.
4. Dad, what you said was right.
I thought that you
were watching Wyatt?
No, I'm watching Wyatt.
Yeah? What did he think?
He pissed himself.
Katy?!
Well, he did.
Listen, Tommy, can you pick up a
few things on your way over here?
What do you need?
Do you have a pen and a
really big piece of paper?
Ahh. You know, somebody else is calling.
Call back and leave
a list on my voicemail, OK?
OK.
Kelly, what's up?
You were really cute on TV.
I don't think cute is the word they people
down at headquarters are going to be using.
That chick was supposed
to run all, you know,
positive stuff I said about Jimmy.
She wasn't supposed
to run the stuff where I blew up, you
know what I mean?
Well, you're my hero.
Why?
Because you gave the finger
on television
in front of Pam Kepler. That moron makes
Sarah Palin look like Madeleine Albright.
- Hey, how did your thing go?
- Still waiting.
So, do you want me to come over?
Yeah. I want you to come over.
I can't do it right now. I--
I was being sarcastic.
But you should definitely
call me later.
Does that mean I shouldn't
call you later?
You should really,
actually call me later.
OK.
She's so funny.
Would that be Kelly with the
filthy mouth and the beautiful
smile from last year.
OK. It's not what you think, first of all.
OK. And second of all, it's not
even what you think
it was when you thought it was
- whatever you thought it was--
- I'll tell you what I think.
Your wife has a vagina.
Sheila has a vagina.
Kelly has a vagina.
Your daughters have vaginas.
Tommy, you're surrounded
by vaginas on all sides, which is
probably the reason why I
believe you've grown
one all your own. Because you're no
longer thinking with your cock.
You're thinking with your vag.
It's the only reason that makes sense.
Because otherwise
you'd be banging beautiful Ms. Kelly
instead of heading into
another one of these emotional affairs
with her just like last year.
She has cancer.
She has cancer. You have kids
with another kid on the way.
Jesus Christ. The "Celery Bible", Tom.
"Yogurt and appreciation."
I am trying to
uphold my half of the godfather bargain.
You should do the same.
Don't ever go against the family, Tom.
And one more thing.
Tatalia's a pimp.
I never knew until just now.
It was Barzini all along.
240, 260, 280, 300.
I'll get you a copy of the contract.
You're going to have
such a lovely ceremony.
And your fiancee will be very happy.
You know, Mike, I hope you're
right about this thing, man.
I mean, 300 bones, non-refundable?
That ain't chump change, son.
Trust me, bro.
She's going to love it.
She doesn't like--
Hey!
Shh!
Hey. Nice digs.
This is gorgeous.
You really like it?
I love it.
Ha ha!
Aah!
So, where are we going
to put the pipers?
Whoa, whoa, whoa. No pipers, all right.
We're going to do a DJ thing.
No, no, no. I was thinking
more of a string quartet.
That's exactly what
I was thinking.
Look. Do whatever you want as
long as there's some bagpipers
playing "Here Comes the Bride."
It's a Gavin family tradition.
No pipers, no wedding.
- Here's your copy.
- Thank you.
Well, aren't you a lovely girl?
Thank you, you're so sweet.
Babe, this is Ms. Martha.
This is her place.
Your place is beautiful.
I'm Colleen, the bride-to-be.
Ohh. Did I hear someone
mention bagpipes?
Yes, you most certainly did!
So, you're Scottish, I presume?
No, baby.
We're Irish head to toe.
Oh, Irish is it. That's nice.
Very nice.
You gotta go.
- What?
- Get out. Out. Everybody out!
- Why?
- Out!
What a minute?
What are you talking about?
You come here.
- I am ashamed of you!
- Excuse me?
There's no way you are marrying
this girl in my place.
You're not serious.
I'm Malcolm X serious.
This is discrimination, lady.
You can't kick us out
because we're white.
I ain't kicking you out
because you're white.
I'm kicking you out because you're
green as in the emerald isle.
Hey, that's reverse racism.
No. That's forwards racism.
And I'm steering it
straight at you.
You watch that stuff, lady.
My people have been suffering
this shit for far too long.
You more than anyone should
understand that.
You better get out of my face, fat ass.
This place means too much to me to have
another McGuire incident.
You're not talking about the
Michael McGuire wedding, are you?
You bet your big pink face I am.
Oh, boy. I heard about that one.
I think my Uncle Denny was
actually there. Lost a finger.
Who are the McGuires?
Real shanty Irish.
Make the Gavins look like Amish people.
Drink like fish.
Marlin size fish!
Ms. Martha, I apologize.
Let's go guys.
Hey, wait a minute. This is not fair.
What about my deposit?
- How much did you pay her?
- 300 bucks.
Oh, come on. What are you doing?
Here's 4. Reparations, kid.
Reparations!
- So, that went well.
- Better than well.
- Yeah, it did, right?
- Totally.
Good. I'm not just drunk.
No. We're both pretty drunk.
But you're still right.
It still went well.
Good. Usually I'm a little
bit of a mess
in these situations. But tonight I
felt a little, I don't know.
Easy.
Yeah. Easy, right. Easy rider easy.
Easy bake oven easy.
You know? Easy...I'm blowing it.
We're fine.
- Really?
- Yeah.
So, it's OK that I'm
psyched about this?
Yeah.
I'm psyched you're psyched.
I'm definitely psyched.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Still psyched?
Definitely.
Yes! All right, we're
definitely doing this again.
Yeah. No argument there.
Let's get you a taxi.
Thank you.
All right, so I'm going to call you. OK?
So we can--
9th and A, step on it.
Hey, where are you?
I'm home.
Oh, can you not talk?
Yeah. I can talk. There's nobody here.
They're all over at
Sheila's. So, what's going on?
It's good. I'm all done.
Seriously?
Yeah, seriously. What do you think?
I'm busting your balls?
Are you kidding me? I'm done.
Shit. Wow.
Why don't you come over?
Oh all right. You need anything?
Yes. Some milk and some
butter and some eggs.
That's funny.
Milk, butter, eggs. Goodbye.
Jesus.
You never know with that broad.
Hey! What's up, bro?
Yo.
How you doing?
All right.
Thanks for meeting me here.
Hey, I'll have what he's having.
Thanks.
All right, I got problems.
Better not be your
cock again, dude.
No. It's not my cock.
Oh, Jesus I hope it's not.
All right, well spit it out.
All right, remember Emily from
the dress shop? Super hot chick?
We had the most amazing
date ever last night.
And?
And we get back to her place,
and I'm telling you, bro,
I had the best sex I've ever
had in my entire life. OK.
I mean, it was like intergalactic,
Avatar-caliber sex. OK. I mean,
I blew fireworks all over the wall.
Practically burned the
place down. It was that good.
And?
And, all right. Afterwards,
we're just laying there
basking in the afterglow or whatever.
When out of nowhere, all of a
sudden the entire place reeks.
Bro, I'm telling you it reeks.
It reeks like a sewer in a bad
neighborhood where people
only eat Indian food. That's how bad it was.
I mean, I can still taste it.
Now we're talking.
See what I'm saying?
- All right...
- What do you got?
Well, there can only be a few
possible explanations for this.
And the first thing that comes
to my mind is her vagina.
- Was it like rank, dude?
- No.
No, no, no. Because that
happens to chicks, bro.
That's why they invented the
douche, you know?
I thought they invented that so
we'd have something to call you.
Ha, very funny.
Then figure it out yourself.
No, I'm sorry. I'm just kidding.
It's not her vagina, alright?
I got plenty of
experience with rank vagina, OK.
Hi.
Oh that's right.
You were married to Maggie.
Yeah, no surprisingly that
wasn't one of her issues
actually. But could you stop
bringing it up, please?
How many times I gotta ask you?
- Sore subject?
- Yeah.
That's exactly why I
brought it up, dude.
OK. Hardy har har. Touche.
Or should I say, douche.
Hey, don't say it to me. Say it
to your girlfriend and her stink box, bro.
Hey, bro, I'm telling you.
It is not her vagina. OK.
This odor has more of like an ass essence
to it, you know. An assence if you will.
Was it you?
No, bro. No way. Not a chance.
First, I never fart
with a new chick until like the
4th date--3rd date maybe.
Second off, I have never in my life
farted the smell of
a rotting corpse, bro. I'm telling you I
would have to eat
a dead guy who just ate Indian food and
then shit his pants in order to fart
a smell that bad.
That's how bad it was.
Whoa. Uh, OK.
Um, does she have a dog?
Yeah. Little dog.
He watched the whole-- the dog!
Yes. Mystery solved.
He's just tiny though. They're this big.
There's no way he could create a stink
that colossal. I'm telling you, bro.
It wouldn't work.
No, no, no. Dude.
It was definitely the dog.
Listen, from the way you described the sex,
it sounds like you traumatized
the crap out of that little son
of a bitch, bro.
Listen, don't sweat it. You're just waiting
for the other shoe
to drop because you guys hit it off so well.
Just enjoy yourself. You know?
- Yeah. Maybe it was the dog.
- Yeah.
Yeah, it was totally the dog.
- Come on, dude.
- Thanks, bro.
No problem, bro.
All right, drinks are on this guy.
OK? See ya.
What?
Hello?
I'm in the kitchen.
- Hey.
What's going on?
Nothing.
What-- I thought you only used a
stove as a place to hide stuff in.
Yeah. And as a giant cigarette lighter.
Perfect.
I used up all my friends' stuff,
so I wanted to make sure I
replaced it. Are you hungry?
I could eat.
Well, you don't want to
eat what I'm cooking.
- What are you cooking?
- Brownies.
Huge brownie fan.
You don't want to eat these
brownies I'm cooking.
Why? What are you cooking?
They have about an ounce of weed in them.
I'm leaving 'em
for my friend as a thank you for
letting me stay here. But I
could make you a ham
and vicadin sandwich.
Tommy.
I don't know--do I say
"congratulations?"
Yeah. You won. That's what my doctor told me.
Let me get a vase.
That's...great.
I know.
I'm really happy.
I don't know. "Happy" is like a dumbass word.
I'm not happy.
But I am happy.
But I don't know what I am.
Relieved.
Yes. I'm relieved. How are you?
I'm, you know, fine.
Which means?
I suck.
Oh. Suck how bad?
Surrounded by estrogen bad.
My daughter's getting married,
so you can imagine.
Oh, suck city. To who?
To this guy I work with.
Ooh, boy. Which one?
The little black guy.
I don't know if you remember him.
Yeah. He's cute.
Do you like him?
He's having sex with my daughter.
Yeah, but not for much longer.
They're getting married.
I mean, they'll pump out a
couple of mullato babies and
pretty soon sex will just be something
each of them wants to do with somebody else.
I never thought of it that way.
I feel way less sucky.
And you don't have cancer.
And neither do I anymore.
- Shit!
- What?
I'm so relieved for you.
- Shit! Goddamnit!
- What?
Goddamnit! Son of a bitch!
Jesus! Hey! What the hell!
Burned the brownies!
OK. I mean, do you got
more brownie stuff?
It's not about the
brownies you asshole!
Well...What?
I don't know!
Well, OK. Uh, your doctor said--
I know what the goddamn doctor said.
The doctor said, "you won."
But I don't feel like I won anything!
All right, just go ahead.
Get it all out.
Shut up!
Just shut up!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry. I was going to be this kick
ass cancer patient, you know.
And I was.
I believe you.
And I did everything they told me to do.
Everyday
you sort of focus one inch in front of you.
And I lived that way for months.
And I lost my hair and
my eyebrows and my eyelashes and my looks.
And then this
guy--this doctor--says, "all right
you're good to go. You're all set."
What am I supposed to do?!
Find the secret of life?
Go to India? Find Jesus? I just--
Hello?
Kel?
Hey.
I wish I had a real
boyfriend to do this with.
Um, you OK?
Don't touch me.
OK. Got it.
OK. Now you can touch me.
OK.
Here you go.
You all right?
OK.
I'm just--I don't know.
I mean...
What?
What if I'm still just...
Shallow?
I'll tell you something.
This whole time you were you know
talking about your eyebrows and your
hair and you know, I'll tell you
what I was doing--
what I was thinking about.
About not getting hit with a plate.
But also, you know, your
eyes and your ass.
Did that make you feel better?
No.
I mean, a little bit.
But I mean, do you think your kisses
work some sort of magic on women?
It was nice.
Not like George Clooney waltzed in here.
But it was good.
This is good. It helped me...
focus.
It helped me focus.
Because I don't want to spend
the next 10 years
just twisting in the wind trying to
figure out all of this,
you know, anger or grief.
I don't want to be you.
What?
All this stuff you're talking about.
I mean,
all this stuff about God and ghosts and
all of it--it doesn't make a difference.
The women and the booze.
You just have to go home
and kiss your wife the way you kiss me.
That might work a little magic.
So, you want me to leave?
Yeah.
All right. Got it. OK.
Bye.
Hey, chief.
Rivera, hey.
Thanks for meeting me off campus.
I appreciate it.
It's all right.
So, what's the story?
Well, chief, to be honest, I was
hoping for a little guidance.
You know what happened the last time
I tried to coach one of you guys?
Well, yeah. But this ain't about Damien.
And I'm not cashing out.
Don't worry about that.
But listen, chief, I've been thinking.
I want to be a leader.
I want to be a lieutenant.
You have my full support.
Well, you know, I appreciate that.
I was kind of hoping for
maybe a little something extra,
if you know what I mean.
Tell you what I'll do. You ace that test.
I'll call downtown make sure
you're assigned to a top house in the city.
No problem.
Chief, that's just what I was hoping for.
Thank you so much.
No problem.
Keep your nose clean and your
mouth shut till it happens.
Hey, nose clean, mouth shut.
No problem. Right. Yes!
That was amazing.
Yeah. God, totally. Mmm.
Where's your dog?
My sister took him so we could
have some alone time.
I think we traumatized
him last night.
Ha. That's-- Hey, do you think we could light
like one or two hundred more candles?
You're funny.
Yeah. It's--
You're kidding?!
What?
She's a farter.
Chief, no! She's not a farter.
OK. All right. I'm sorry.
This only happens
after sex, right?
Yes. That's the only
time I ever smell it.
You sure know how
to pick 'em, pal.
Chief, I'm telling you.
You gotta see this woman.
She's the most beautiful
woman I've ever seen.
She's the hottest chick
I've ever slept with in my life.
Well, there you go.
What are you bitching about?
You are sleeping with the hottest woman
you've ever seen.
Count yourself lucky.
Could be sleeping with Uncle Ralph.
You want to talk about farts.
He killed a plant once.
Really?
Outside.
Oh, my God.
All right, Franco, up the
ladder, vent the windows.
The rest of you guys start on 4.
Work your way down.
Let's move, gentlemen.
Hey, Mikey, the clovers on Colleen's
dress was a really sweet touch, man.
Yeah. You like that? It's very Irish
but still elegant I think, you know.
Hey, Bridezilla, I hate to interrupt you.
Knock that door down, please.
Don't break yo
heel while you're doing it.
I got it. I got it. I got it.
No, no. I'll do it.
No, no. I got it. Forget it, twinkle toes.
Last thing I need
is you getting hurt in a fire
and me having to explain
to my daughter why she doesn't have
a dress with clovers on it.
Make sure you don't
bust a hip, grandpa.
If this is your way of trying
to tell me that Colleen's pregnant,
I swear to God,
I'm going to kill you.
Yeah, well if you kill me,
she's gonna kill you.
Yeah, like I'm afraid
of my own daughter.
Yeah, you are.
Move all that shit over there.
I got the door.
Clean this out of here.
What happened?
I think I just shit
my bunker pants.
Why don't you try some
adult diapers, old man?
Oh, yeah?
Why don't you guys take a look.
- Hey, I don't like this, Garrity.
- Yeah.
Do me a favor. Go see what's on
the other side of that wall.
What do you mean?
Like, with the ladder?
All right, I'll get the ladder.
Hey, Bobby, we need that ladder over here.
Holy shit!
Who needs the adult
diapers now assholes?
- There's no goddamn floor.
- Or ceiling.
Aww, shit, chief.
We got a problem!
The whole building is
held up by bracing.
Holy shit! Mayday! Mayday!
The only thing holding this shitbox up
is bracing. Get your asses out now!
Franco! Franco! Mayday!
Mayday! Mayday! Frankie!
Oh, shit!
Frankie, just wait there!
Ahh!
Hold tight, Frankie!
We're right here Frankie! All right?
We're coming for you.
Just relax.
Oh shit!
Frankie!
Shit!
Get that ladder right there.
Damnit, get the ladder guys.
- Come on!
- Hang on, Franco.
Just hold tight.
We're coming for ya. Hold on!
Hold on!
Oh, I can't hold on!
We're coming with a ladder!
Put it up!
Shit! Shit!
I can't hold on!
Take it easy.
All right, I got it.
Hurry up man!
- We're coming, Frank!
- Just hang tight.
Hang tight. Don't panic.
Easy, Tommy.
All right, Frankie. Hold on.
I'm trying! Come on!
Easy, Tom!
That's it. Good, Tom.
I got it.
That's it. That's it.
All right, Frank.
Easy!
That's it. Hold him now.
Come on down.
Oh shit!
Ugh!
Jesus!
I got ya. All right. All right.
Holy shit!
Go ahead. Go first.
Go right around.
Easy guys. Easy! Easy, Frank!
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Come on, Frank.
All right, good stuff, Frank.
Come on, bud.
Come on, Frank. You got it.
You got it, Frank.
There you go. There you go.
All right, come on, Tom. I got ya.
Ugh. Unh.
Lou, what the hell's
going on in there?!
- We got him.
- Get the hell out of there.
*** is gonna soak this bitch.
All right, everybody out.
Everybody out.
Hey, yo, T.
What's up?
I, uh...I just wanted to say,
you know--
Well, you know what you did.
I just wanted to say thanks.
Well, I didn't do it alone.
Yeah, well you know.
All the same. Give me some.
Just part of the job, pal.
Yeah.
And this doesn't change shit between
us on that other thing, though. Right?
OK.
Now which thing is that?
Is that the
one where you walk around with
the holier than thou asshole attitude?
Or is it the one where you try
to bang my wife?
Well, actually I was referring
to the one where you,
Lou, and Needles are crashing this crew
into the goddamn ground. That thing.
Ah, OK. That thing.
I'm gonna forget about my next thing,
which was basically very quickly beginning
to regret having saved your ass.
Dick.
Sync & corrected by honeybunny
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org